im jewish i support palestine human rights
[Super User] Diamond: yes i'm wanna i'm brazil kid who's needs water and consume human flesh
[10:16 PM] ilovechimps: we have gay sex yes ?<br/>[10:16 PM] conor: yes<br/>[10:16 PM] ilovechimps: gay sex ? show feet? po send to me now.
if u type at sub 50wpm you have fat boy fingers
whoever told me to shove the keycaps in my foreskin, fuck you, its turning red and i cant get them out, i have to go to the ER, fuck you.
alright now im pissed.
typing up a storm, and addressing one.
black people are not real.
i dont care if u use linx or gnu/fart or whatever the fuck its called, i dont care.<br/> recompile some bitches in2 ur life u gnu/virgin.
serbija forevr fuc knoob,
AS OF 4/22/21 ALL IPS LOCATED IN ALBANIA, CROATIA, BOSNIA, are banned.. thank u for listening..
cheesy ass foreskin.
stunnaboygetem real hollywood star 🌟☝☝🌟🌟🌟😮😮
I'm over here stroking my dick I got lotion on my dick right now<br/>I'm just stroking my shit I'm horny as fuck man I'm a freak man like
install gentoo NOW
NoDataFound.:i dont take people calling me gay very lightly ok
Pomf.cat pledges its allegience to the Irish Republican Army!
if ur reading this fuddmods say SHUT THE FUCK UP
we dont care! lol!
i commit tax evasion
im unsure of the events that happened at srerbrinca.
<font color="red">if you're reading this and its red, you have AIDS!</font>
do not talk about the april 2020 banksy tub incident
I HATE THE ANTICHRIST
gnu/farts hjaha :D
there is federal agents outside my house.
instructions not clear, ate toilet paper.
this is not a funny message this is a cry for help
any diaper wearing tool fans out there??
got the drank method on tap, my children are in danger and the satellites are watching me.
im a paranoid schizophrenic and i havent taken my pills in seven months
cant emphasize how much we literally dont care
i hope you like cabbage as much as i do.
kosovo is serbia
brapp
EDP445 did what now??
holy shit we dont care
mentally deranged ape
overclocked pomf.cat pentium processor
banksy hates amd users, if you use amd, fuck you.
we do a lil trolling
if kawaii_neko_666#6295 mentions me one more time, i'm kicking his teeth in.
What you're referring to is GNU/Linux
roblox fart erp
i am VERY racist.
pomf.cat staff communal semen jar meeting october 5th 2021 3:30pm be there!! (dotn actually upload photos of jars full of semen.)
covidgates microsoft vaccine
NO you can not have access to the /asiangirlsfarting/ directory in the webserver, GO AWAY, STOP ASKING i told you this 50 TIMES.
to the people asking for access to the /asiansgirlfarting/ directory, NO, i've told you how many times already? NO you cant, stop it!!
pomf.cat loves raidforums!!
porky : dont care..
IronicallyStupid : We are kinda having a private game
angelogcom697 : stop saying the n word
Sputnik: Not typing up a storm, but addressing one.
Frengie: ur being shipped to bangladesh
saiga 12 type beat: doesnt look like a civilian to me<br/>safron: famous words of an apache pilot..
yousef world greatest tf2 player: need me an ebony queen so i can blow her back out
daily reminder: to the people who want access to /asiangirlsfarting/ NO, last warning.
There are to be no more Turkish pies made from Posavanias golden wheat.
kingGamer : OK Smart Ass Im Not The One Who Died More Times<br/>porky : you're literally 11-48
no i will not update windows
u both are bad
L000L NOOB CANT EVEN KILL ME
LOOL
ahahaha
noooooob
heh...
hyeh
noob
FAGGOT
get owned
im waiting...
time for u to BSDie
you're about to be freeBSDead
u will not survive this
u underestimate my power..
prepare..
im afraid your weapon cant pierce my armour
if not my weapon then my MIND will pierce you
die noob
nice try.. now watch a real pro
ur done
uve been added to my list.. heh
u will never kill or damage me
ur useless in all aspects of attack
i will kill you again and again
i dont argue with children
noob
nobody likes u
do u even know what a sine wave is idiot
hyeh bet u kids dont know what a sine wave is
i knew that
i know.
FOOL u think curl will protect u?!
who cares
i dont like u
ur comepletely useless
heh ur shit at combat
im a melee demon
im the best at combat
you are so lame
my armor is impenetrable
you are fucking noob
good luck killing me
ur rubbish
its time Too unleash my true power 
do you even know what a calculator is
do you even know what a noob is
its time Too kill
initalizing Gentoo
do you even know what a kernel is
i will kill you again and again
do you even know what a Gentoo is
do you even know what a partition is idiot
shut up noob
you cant even do anything on gmod idiot
therfore your words are now dumb
heh.... not smart of u..
u can't do it without calculator idiot...
i see...
pleeeeeeeeex~...
heh... look how paranoid u are noob..
u mispelled noob idiot
ur a joke
lol you dont even know what gentoo is
im the best at sniping
go cry to garry
im going to make you look like a fucking joke
how about you implement some respect into that 'tude of yours
admen suck penis
u suck penis
the server rules suck dick
dont argue with me
got an 8 pound mother fuckin' chicken...
im installing gentoo
im installing arch once again
im installing kali linux
debian is actually the best os yet
you are inferior to me
dude you need to install gentoo
deja vu i've used this OS before
FreeBSD gamer coming through move aside
make way for KfreeBSD
Give me a HO if you've got your funky bus fare
theres a double dutch bus comin' down the street
im stronger than u
no you're making stuff up
if i asked you what the sine of 45 is could you tell me on the top of your head?
or is that too hard for you to understand?
i love anime
what shape does x squared divided by x cubed make on a graph?
two full cans of sausage gravy
and i got a third can of sausage gravy
gonna smother my god damn pizza in all the sausage gravy
still using dsl internet i see...
im a charger
im the best pal the duke boys ever had
stupid baby form the eggn give bak our clay we will crush u lik a skull of pig. serbia greattst countrey
hahahahaha idiot turk and bosnian smell so bad..wow i can smell it.
do you even know what a sinusoidal pattern is?
didn't think so.
pretty sure without luajit a lot of stuff in this game wouldnt work
you don't know what it is because you are Too dumb to know what it is.
Okay give me one second. I need to go into Kali - Linux
i have your ip kid firing up metasploit
why are you all so bad at propkill i come back for 2 months and beat all of you whats wrong
i use arch btw
systemd is best system btw.
i sniff ass all day spraying spics away with my ak
snnnnniiiiiiffffffffffff...oh yes my dear....sssnnnnnnnnnnnniiiiiiiiffffffff....quite pungent indeed...
is that....dare I say....sssssssnniff...eggs I smell?......sniff sniff....hmmm...yes...quite so my darling
sniff....quite pungent eggs yes very much so .....ssssssssssssssnnnnnnnnnnnnnnniiiiiiiffffff
ah yes...and also....a hint of....sniff....cheese.....quite wet my dear....sniff...but of yes...this will do nicely
.sniff.....please my dear....another if you please....nice a big now....
Oh yes...very good!....very sloppy and wet my dear....hmmmmm...is that a drop of nugget I see on the rim?
let me just have a little taste before the sniff my darling.......hmmmmm....hmm..yes....that is a delicate bit of chocolate
ah yes....let me guess...curry for dinner?
Oh I was not expecting that…that little gust my dear….you caught me off guard…yes…so gentle it was though
imagine using ubuntu... smh....
ubuntu broke my uefi
ubuntu broke my ram
i bet you use windows 10
FUCK YOU!
YOU SUCK!
how do you suck so much penis?
its just amazes me how much penis you suck.
i wish i could suck as much penis as you.
whats the max tabs you can have open on a vpn
how many vpns does it take to stop a ddos
whats better analog or garrys mod
whats the time
is it possible to make a clock in binary
how many cars can you drive at once
did you know there's more planes on the ground than there is submarines in the air
how many busses can you fit on 1 bus
how many tables does it take to support a chair
how many doors does it take to screw a screw
how long can you hold your eyes closed in bed
how long can you hold your breath for under spagetti
whats the fastest time to deliver the mail as mail man
how many bees does it take to make a wasp make honey
If I paint the sun blue will it turn blue
how many beavers does it take to build a dam
how much wood does it take to build a computer
can i have ur credit card number
is it possible to blink and jump at the same time
did you know that dinosaurs were on average large
how many thursdays does it take to paint an elephant purple
if cars could talk how fast would they go
did you know theres no oxygen in space
do toilets flush the other way in australia
if i finger paint will i get a splinter
can you build me an ant farm
can you craft me a campfire
did you know australia hosts 4 out of 6 of the deadliest spiders in the world
is it possible to ride a bike in space
can i make a movie based around your life
how many pants can you put on while wearing pants
if I paint a car red can it wear pants
how come no matter what colour the liquid is the froth is always white
can a hearse driver drive a corpse in the car pool lane
how come the sun is cold at night
why is it called a TV set when there is only one
if i blend strawberries can i have ur number
if I touch the moon will it be as hot as the sun
did u know ur dad is always older than u
did u know the burger king logo spells burger king
did uknow if u chew on broken glass for a few mins it starts to taste like blood
did u know running is faster than walking
did u kno the colur blue is called blue because its blue
did you know a shooting star isnt a star
did u know shooting stars dont actually have guns
did u kno the great wall of china is in china
statistictal fact: 100% of non smokers die
did you kmow if you eat you poop it out
did u know rain clouds r called rain clouds cus they are clouds that rain
if cows drink milk is that cow a cannibal
did u know you cant win a staring contest with a stuffed animal
did u know if a race car is at peak speed and hits someone they'll die
did u know the distance between the sun and earth is the same distance as the distance between the earth and the sun
did u kno flat screen tvs arent flat
did u know aeroplane mode on ur phone doesnt make ur phone fly
did u kno too many britdhays can kill you
did u know rock music isnt for rocks
did u know if you eat enough ice you can stop global warming
if ww2 happened before vietnam would that make vietnam world war 2
did you know 3.14 isn't a real pie
did u know 100% of stair accidents happen on stairs
can vampires get AIDS
what type of bird was a dodo
did u know dog backwards is god
did you know on average a dog barks more than a cat
LOL fuk u silver scUm
nice aim doEs It cume in NOT N00be?
u r trible my doode
u almost hit me that time LOL
ur aim iz a joke my man
get shrekt skrub xdddd
u just got shitted on kidddd
i bet u r silver on csgo xD
u never stood a chance against my pSkillz
ur just 2bad to kill me :^(
dam im good XDDDDD
u wil never beat my hax kidd :^)
eat shit and die xdd
do u use xashpass cos ur 2 bad to bypass cac :D
i laugh at ur shit skillz :D
get fukn owned kid xd
i kill u every time u shud try harder :^(
all u can do is die LOL
N00bez like u cant beat me LOL
u tried but im jus 2 gud 4 u
u cant even hit me LOL uninstall kid xd
git GUD skrub u r an embarasment
pathetic LOL
2 bad so sad u just bad :^(
im global elit in gmod xd
thx4 free kill loser :D
r u even trying???
what the hell is a hoob??
top kekt u got rekt
ill blast another furfag with my glock
suck my dong
fuken smashed kunt :D
u shud add me so i can teach u how 2 shoot LOL
ur jus 2 weak and sad to beat me xd
looks liek ur sad life isnt working out 2 well 4 u :D
dats all u got??? LOL!
dont upsetti hav some spagetti
eat my asse like a bufet (3 corse meal xd)
i ownt u in ur gay butth0le
umade noobe?
le troled hard
go wach naturo and play wif urself fag REKT
LOL i fuckd u so hard just like ur mum lst nit fag
u play liek a blynd stefen hawkin haha
ARE U GUEYS NEW??
are u as bad at life as u are in gmod??
omg this is 2 ezy are U even trying??
why dont u go play halo an fist ur butthol faget
hey granma is that u???? LOL so bad
time for you 2 uninstale the game shit stane
congrtulations ur the worlds worst gmod player
dose ur aim come in NOT NOOBE? LMAO
lol i troled u so hard *OWNED*
\i lik 2 eat daddys logs of poo for lucnh while jackn off 2 naturo\- u
take a se4t faget $hitstain u got OWNDE
LOL scrub ur gettin rekt hardcroe
R u mad becouse ur bad nooby?
LMAO did u go to da buthurt king an g3t urself a butthurt with fries?!?
why dont u go and play manoppoly you noob
you hav no lyfe you cant evan play gmod propaly
im hi rite now on ganj but im stil ownen u xD
if u want my cum bake ask ur mum LOL
butdocter prognoses: OWND
cry 2 ur dads dick forver noob
lol troled autismal faget
LOL N3RD owned
\i love to drink sprems all day\- u
crushd nerd do u want a baindaid for that LOL
lol rectal rekage ur so sh1t lol
ass states - [_] NOT REKT [X] REKT
lmao do u even try????
are u slippan off ur chaire cos ur ass is bleeding so hard??
u better get a towel for all ur tears faget
u got ass asassenated by me rofl
u wont shit agen thats how rekt ur ass is
i bet youre anus is sore from me ownen u LOL
im gonna record a fragshow so i can watch me pwn u ova and ova LMAO
i almost feel sorry for you hahahaha
lol why dont u play COD so i can own you there too
how dose it feel to be owneded so hartd??
rekt u lol another one for the fraghsow
if i was as bade as u i would kil myself
dont fell bad not ervry one can be goode
do u need some loob for ur butt so it doesnt hurt so much when i fuck u
spesciall delivary for CAPTEN BUTTHURT
wats wrong cant play wif ur dads dik in ur mouth????
maybe if u put down the cheseburgers u could kill me lol fat nerd
getting mad u virgan nerd??
butt docta prognosis: buttfustrated
<<< OWEND U >>>
if u were a fish you wuld be a sperm whael LOL
>mfw i ownd u
u r a autism LOL
hahahah fuk u kid u suck OWENED!!!!
say hi 2 utoobe loser loL
агсл тшппукы xaxaxaxa
go bak 2 britain cuz u got teabagged LOLL!!!
rekt u noob *OWNED*
ur gonna have 2 wear dipers now cos ur ass got SHREDED by me
y dont u take a short strole to the fagot store and buy some skills scrub
school3d by a 13yo lol u r rely bad
ur pathetic nerd its like u have parkensons
u just got promoted 2 cumcaptain prestige
lol pwnd
u just got butt raped lol TROLLED U
did u learn 2 aim from stevie wondar??? LOL
tell ur mum to hand the keyboard and mosue back
how does it feel to be shit on by a 13 yer old
r u into scat porns or some thing cos it feel\s like u want me 2 shit on u
u play gmod like my granpa and hes ded
are u new or just bad?? noobe
u play gmod lik a midget playin basket ball
welcome to the noob scoole bus first stop ur house <<PWND>>
>mfw i rek u
\i got my ass kiked so hard im shittn out my mouf\ - u
<-(0.0)-<   dats u gettn ownd LOL
u just got ur ass ablitterated <<<RECKT>>>
c=3 (dats ur tiney dik rofl)
just leeve the game and let the real mans play
ur so bad u make ur noobe team look good
CONGRASTULATIONS YOU GOT FRIST PRIZE IN BEING BUTT MAD (BUT LAST IN PENIS SIZE LMAO)
im not even trying to pwn u its just so easy
im only 13 an im better than u haha XD
u just got raped
some one an ambulance cos u just got DE_STROYED
i hope u got birth control coz u got rapped
lol pwnd scrubb
you play lik a girl
\i got fukd so hard dat im cummin shit n shittn cum\- u
ur gonna need tampons for ur ass afta that ownage
{{ scoooled u }}
(O.o) ~c======3 dats me jizzan on u
dont wrry at least ur tryan XD
cya noob send me a post card from pwnd city ROFL
its ok if u keep practasing u will get bettar lol #rekt
\evry time i fart 1 liter of cum sqerts out\ - u
rofl i pwnd u scrub #420 #based #mlgskill
u fail just like ur dads condom
if i pwnd u any harder it wud be animal abuse
uploaden this fragshow roflmao
mods = fags
I hate niggers
sheo was here
try finger but hole
time for crab
THIS SERVER IS GETTING FUCKING NULLED RN
whoever made this server is a fucking downie holy shit
this serv sucks fuck you guys
im not hacking wtf?
Mega.co.nz is famous for it's shitposting on 4chan.
How much memes could a cock suck if 9/11?
assrape
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Sweedish fish are like apples they taste good as candy not the actual thing.
you what
I'll quote your head with a rock
fuck me harder daddy
dickrape is neat
Shitty memes from a shitty dream.
sheogorath has aids
fuck niggers
im an alabama nigger and i wanna be free to hell with the n double a-c-p
hey whats up guys it's scarce here
this is a test of the emergency broadcast system
erp = b&
50 percent off all fat farts at the fag store
dennis the menace
that's how things came to be and that can never change that can never change no way.  That's how things came to be and that can never change except when things'll change some day.
shoutout to poopnig420 for providing memes
shoutout to inboot for providing packets
geklmin is a grade-a autist.
REMOVE KEBAB remove kebab
you are worst turk. you are the turk idiot you are the turk smell. return to croatioa. to our croatia cousins you may come our contry. you may live in the zoo….ahahahaha
hahahahaha idiot turk and bosnian smell so bad..wow i can smell it.
you will get caught. russia+usa+croatia+slovak=kill bosnia…
you will ww2/ tupac alive in serbia tupac making album of serbia . fast rap tupac serbia.
2pac aliv and real strong wizard kill all the turk farm aminal with rap magic now we the serba rule .
ape of the zoo presidant georg bush fukc the great satan and lay egg this egg hatch and bosnia wa;s born.
stupid baby form the eggn give bak our clay we will crush u lik a skull of pig. serbia greattst countrey
cetnik rascal FUck but fuck asshole turk stink bosnia sqhipere shqipare..turk genocide best day of my life.
bob good militia is dead
hail nutmegg
fuck off kike
